Add documentation for cloud-provider authentication preview feature (#30927)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/cloud_provider_authentication.md

Cloud-based authentication is in Preview. Complete the form to request access.
{{< /callout >}}

## Overview

Cloud-based authentication lets you authenticate the Datadog Terraform provider using cloud credentials instead of static API and application keys.

The preview only supports **AWS**, with other cloud providers planned for future releases.

## AWS authentication process

The authentication process uses the [AWS Security Token Service (STS)][1] to verify your identity:

1. **Proof generation:** The Datadog Terraform provider creates a signed AWS STS `GetCallerIdentity` request using your current AWS credentials
2. **Proof validation:** Datadog validates the proof by calling AWS STS, which returns your AWS ARN, user ID, and account ID
3. **Identity mapping:** Your AWS identity is mapped to a Datadog service account or user account based on your organization's configuration
4. **Token issue:** If validation succeeds, Datadog issues a temporary JWT token for API access
5. **API authentication:** The token is used for subsequent Datadog API calls

> **Note:** Prefer mapping ARNs to a Datadog service account.

Reviewer: What is better about mapping ARNs to a service account? Is the alternative mapping ARNs to a user account? Also, should this line be moved closer to line 49, when you talk about mapping ARNs?

Reviewer: Yes, removing the API reference links sounds good.

> **Note:** Prefer mapping ARNs to a Datadog service account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If possible, map ARNs to a Datadog service account rather than a user account. Using a service account avoids associating your authentication process with a specific person.
```
